[MUSIC]
>> Justin Meyer: Real quick,
just to recap what Alexis just did.
It was all about metaprogramming, right?
I didn't wanna, we didn't wanna write
that same code that would do for
the parent method to,
given the original collection,
go get the parent of every item in the
collection and create a new collection.
I didn't wanna have to write
all of that code every time.
So we were trying to
teachmeta programming so
that instead, well, I just make
a function that gives the relationship
between the source elements and the
elements we want in the final collection.
I can just describe that relationship and
I have a function that does all
of the repetitive work for us.
And that's what we were showing.
So if you look back at our example,
if you wanna learn about
how to do metaprogramming,
which is very common in open source
frameworks, this is an example of it.
Our makeTraverser simply,
>> Justin Meyer: Given a function,
returns another function that goes
through the source collection,
calls the translation function to
get the new elements out of it and
eventually compiles them all into
another jQuery collection, cool.
So now we're going to finish up and
try to talk about how to get and
set properties on an element, and
how to read styles from an element.
Yep?
>> Student: What about when you said
[INAUDIBLE] Don't you need need
to read it when you're done?
Or the [INAUDIBLE]
>> Justin Meyer: Depending on what
the context is, but
we can talk about memory
management if there's time at the end.
[COUGH] So, getting and
setting attributes.
So the DOM provides a bunch of methods for
getting and setting attributes.
You've all seen like a type
on a type attribute.
Sometimes those are properties,
like you can see below.
But you can also get and
set them as attributes, all right?
So, real quick,
if I were to take a look at this page.
>> Justin Meyer: And at this point,
also, I'm going to do all the exercises.
You guys don't have to
follow along coding them.
And we'll just use the final example
to build the tabs at the end.
If you want to do the tabs,
we do it at the end.
So I'll write all of my query for
us, but the tabs,
you can use my query to
write the tabs widget.
So every,
>> Justin Meyer: Element here,
there's attributes.
These are the attributes,
and I can get and set them.
So if I get my,
>> Justin Meyer: Wrong button.
If I open my console,
I get the input element.
>> Justin Meyer: I can change its,
I can't change its attribute.
What I wanna be able to do
is change its attribute.
I can call manually the DOM
method setAttribute.
>> Justin Meyer: To change
its id to INPUT-ID.
And if I look in the DOM,
>> Justin Meyer: You
can see the ID has changed.
So jQuery's attribute method
allows you to call attr,
give the name of the property,
and the value you want that
attribute to be set to.
So the name of the attribute and
the value I want the attribute set to.
So if I did like foo-bar,
I'd expect this input to get
>> Justin Meyer: I'd expect this input's
id property to be set to foo-bar.
And if we don't do it, I should
expect to be able to read it back.
But that doesn't work because
I didn't implement attr.
So you can probably guess
how to implement attr.
Can someone guess real quick?
It's gonna be just like the HTML.
It's gonna be very similar to the HTML and
val functions.
Where is it?
>> Justin Meyer: What am I gonna
be doing when I set an attribute?
What was that method called?
>> Student 2: Set attribute?
>> Justin Meyer: Set attribute.
But it's good to repeat, cuz I want
you guys to remember this stuff.
So if it seems like I'm giving
you an obvious question,
it's just to hammer it home.
So I wanna know if I'm in the setter.
So if I'm gonna be doing a set, that
means I'm gonna be getting two arguments.
So I'll do arguments.length
is greater than 1, meaning 2.
If it is,
I'm going to go through each item and
set its attribute to value.
>> Justin Meyer: Make sense right there?
Just simply setting the attribute.
And then if I'm not doing that,
I'm reading.
It's again,
the same thing as we did before.
I'm gonna return.
Make sure there's a 0 with a first
property in our collection, and
I'm going to call what?
>> Student 2: This 0 getAttribute.
>> Justin Meyer: Awesome.
>> Justin Meyer: With the attrName.